you know like for me transferring my what I know and believe about software engineering and also
transferring just some of the love I feel I feel like you know with your product with
with clawed code with any good product what makes it good is like it tastes good you know it's
it's like a dish that you cook like you can just taste the love in it you know and that's something
that was just made by the guys clocking in nine to five is not that good and and those products
are the ones that win absolutely
so what are you joining us from by the way i live on the west side of san francisco out by the
beach okay nice how is that oh it's great well actually this time of year is the worst you know
it's like can't see your hand in front of your face soupy fog oh really it's a nice day yeah that
never happens at july for so it's like summer is not the best time no september october that's
the best time oh really okay like at the beach are there are there beachgoers in san francisco
what's that what's that like sure yeah you wouldn't really go in the water unless you have a wet suit
but people come out here actually there was this proposition that passed um in the last election
to close the great highway and turn it into a park and it was very controversial you know the
people who live out here wanted it to be a road because of traffic and you know they just are
worried about getting their groceries and stuff but everyone else in san francisco is like yeah we
just want to come and walk around there so they shut the road down and it's been pretty good actually
even i feel like even the people who were super against it are like yeah okay this is kind of nice
there's often people out there you know it's it's a good place to be was that related to covid at all
yeah that was when they first shut it down and then then there was this compromise where it's
open during the week and close on the weekends which that was fine too i don't know i was you know i
was with all the residents i was like kind of opposed to it and then it passed and i was like you know
i'm retroactively for this i think it's gonna be good and so i jumped on the bad rat get it worked
out it's funny because uh there's so many stories exactly like that all over the place uh because i
live in new york during covid and they shut down a bunch of streets and a lot of them are like now
perma shut down which is nice they've turned to really nice things now i live in miami and there's
a street that we love that's just all restaurants like it's just and they fully sell it in i didn't
know until recently that was used to be a normal road and covid happened and they and they transformed
it so uh yeah it's been nice it's been nice having more like walkable areas to hang out in
i don't know if any of that happened in the Ozarks Adam hmm there are no walkable areas in the Ozarks
i mean you can walk you just don't get to anything useful you just kind of walk arbitrarily walking
for walking sake yeah yeah i do that a lot actually Adam how long how long have you been at anthropic i
know you've got the react history how long since you joined inropic yeah it's been a little over a
year um really exciting times it feels like 10 years but oh yeah that's plenty did you join to
like directly work on cloud code or like what was the uh situation well i joined you know i when i
saw gpt three and three five especially i was like the this thing is going to be awesome for coding
you know i just i've got to work on that i got to get closer to it like i do not just want to be
user i want to be i want to know how it gets made um so i eventually i joined this team at at uh
anthropic called the quantification team and the intention there was to accelerate the internal
technical staff with ai it was like part of the developer productivity team um so that's how i
joined it that's what i was originally working on it's just the thing about like kind of putting an
effort um like that inside developer productivity is like it's always like hey you can have all these
neat wizzy things or we could just fix ci you know because like you end up just going to the bottom
of these infrastructure things like i i worked on like how to log the usage of zad at anthropic
for like a month you know um which you know like you you actually really want to know that if
you're really trying to empower your staff but it was also it also really cured my rust fanboy
my presentation with rust yeah it's funny because uh i never thought about any of those things because
i've mostly worked at like on my own stuff for like really small small teams but especially with a
lot of lm stuff coming into uh like developer workflows we've been talking about bigger companies and
they're all really obsessed with trying to understand how their team is using this stuff better and
having like analytics and and metrics and better insight into those things it makes a little sense
but it's just something that i'd never been exposed to before yeah if you're going to spend as much
as it costs to empower every dev with ai you kind of need to prove that it's worth it yeah yeah okay
so i want to ask you cuz dax and i talk about this cycle we have where it's like some days or
some weeks or like this is the future of everything and it's going to change my job forever and then
there's like days where you just have a bad day with yellow limb and you're like f this i'm never
using it again do you from your perspective being inside of anthropic do you have a different
perspective on that as a developer because you kind of like you know something about the internal
things going on in anthropic whether that's future road map or whatever do you have a different
perspective or do you feel like just every other dev where you're like good days and bad days
i want this to be better i know it's the future some days it's just not there i'm just curious if
you have any thoughts yeah i listen to you guys religiously so of course i know you guys you talk
about that a lot and i just sit there shaking my head because like we're not in my head i shouldn't
say i feel the exact same way and you know i think there are two there are a few different
aspects to it you know like one thing is like i've gone through all these little mini eras with
technique so like like at one point my editor broke and i didn't really fix it you know what i mean
like all the highlighting was broken all that stuff let me guess what editor you were using
okay i don't want to throw anybody under the bus i went back to femme and it's like okay i know this
works yeah but but it broke and i so i was like oh i'll just use quad code to do everything you know
i mean i'm like oh let's call this variable x instead of y you know and like when you try to use
the lm for that you're doomed like that is actually a terrible use of the lm like and i think hand
finishing things is is that's what i do now at least and like you know and then you also just
sort of realize like well how big a chunk do you need you know like i think i so part of it i think
is like we are changing it's skill issues yeah there are but it is skill issues is really true
and the skill is not like oh i know how to write a prompt it's just like i'm able to come to this
with a fresh mind when a new model comes out when a new feature comes out you know even like plan
mode has kind of changed how i use quad code um so you really have to adapt quickly and i think
i you know as someone who's always spent like hours and hours tweaking my vin can fig it's
sort of a dream you know like i just i prefer to only do the meta and not actually have to push
any bigger production but yeah it is fun on one hand it's been a lot because things change so
quickly and yeah you have good days and bad days but uh it is fun just because we're all
disaffectively just messing with our editors which we all love to do and that's effectively what
all of this is uh just seeing how our flows can change um i've been i've been into it and i think
the part that i've enjoyed is uh whenever there's something new that's different than how i normally
do things i like everyone resist it to some degree because any kind of change is painful
um but then something flips in my brain where i try to overuse it on purpose to see like
what the extreme version of this is like and in that process you usually gain a good amount of
insight so i also did try to use uh lms to even do like simple edits things that i could do in a
few keystrokes with uh with my keyboard uh and surprise i think i was surprised i think it was a
it definitely wasn't great like obviously using an actual editor makes this is the right choice
there but i found a different kind of workflow where i was just queuing stuff up like i was like
going through a file and like every little thing i would just queue up and then i would
go to the next thing instead of like getting it done um and i think in net that probably wasn't
my favorite but it was like a new workflow that i wouldn't have thought of before yeah i wouldn't
big thing that's like kind of the fad at anthropic right now is like not to correct the lm um so
you know because the lm doesn't see interruption from the user in training really uh and actually
you'll notice that like sometimes if you interrupt Claude enough it'll actually hallucinate interruptions
which is super annoying you're like no keep going interrupting yourself buddy
but like you know like that's a good example of one where like then i sort of feel like i over
rotated on that i'm like afraid to update it you know so like i don't know it it's funny just how
much presence of mind it takes to like really really make sure that like what you what you're
trying is helping you or you know to as you say to like learn something from it and not just like
fall into it so when you say when you the fad is to not interrupt it do you mean you start it over
or like what what exactly do you mean by that i mean like you give it an you give it a detailed
prompt you give it as much tooling as you can you give it you shouted it like you must pass all
the tests before you keep going yeah do not add comments so that one doesn't work that would
not work that was not effective but you know you give it all your instructions up front and then
you just like kind of let it cook for like kind of you know you're trying to get it to go on its
own for as long as you can and then you come back to it and you like review the whole diff it's
created and you sort of give your feedback on it and then you kind of you know move on to the next
terminal window that one thing i think about a lot is like there's the difference between it being
awesome and it's sucking is the difference between you sitting there watching the lm do stuff while
you do nothing and the lm doing stuff while you're doing something else and then there's also this
question of like if the other thing you're doing is scrolling twitter is that good or bad yeah i
think we talked about this yeah it's uh i think for me i my journey with this stuff was uh never
gonna leave me of him like i just refused no matter what tooling came out i was just like no i can't i
can't leave my baby uh and it eventually felt like how long can i resist this because some of these
tools look pretty powerful and i got some of it inside of him like the tap complete through super
maven things like that but i was seeing cursor and i was like man am i just going to be forced to use
it at some point because the productivity is so huge uh and then cloud code came out and i think
it was a good trojan horse and that i was able to use it without like shifting anything about my
editor like it was a separate thing that lived outside of it but it also introduced a totally
new workflow to me where whenever i saw people using cursor it was like very active and it was
trying to augment you as the person writing code which you know some of this stuff is great
that the tap complete uh i think it's great for that but that never clicked for me properly uh
when the cloud code came out it showed me that there they're just complete different thing where
you can kind of fork your work in certain moments and hand something off to
cloud code while you continue to do other parts of it and then check back in a knot later uh that
was a new workflow that i'd never considered at all and that was kind of like the breakthrough
for me being like okay now i see how i can incorporate this stuff in a in a much bigger way same i you
know the very first thing i did this was gpt-3-5 i built an integration in neo-vim it would open a
buffer on the right by the way that is where the that is where the window belongs um you learn a
buffer and you know just because vim it's so easy to move text back and forth and this is you know
three-five did not really have tool calling people started doing that thing of like respond only with
the new program or whatever but it didn't work that well so i would just use it for code understanding
you know i would just like paste in a big function and be like hey how could we refactor this and
honestly there's something i kind of miss about that like that was like a gold it like i learned
how to do kubernetes from right um and i feel like that was like my golden era of like actually
learning things from the llm i've noticed you know we talk about like these different fads
lately i've noticed i've gotten really lazy i really trust especially opus like i over trust
it you know i mean like i'll go back into the code i'll be like who wrote this what he's doing
you know it's like oh i just i committed that pr yesterday yeah yeah yeah i i think i also had a
phase where i tried like i tried some of the neo-vim tools that uh kind of brought some the
functionality and editor and they like i kind of used them like it was nice to be able to select
some code and be like oh you know refactor this or add this functionality uh to it but
ultimately it just felt a little too clunky to really stick as something that i that i did
consistently kind of like a nice to have here and there but yeah like i really i'm really into this
whole thing i think that we talked about it before but it does mental model where you have kind of
like a dumb idiot sitting next to you with your own laptop you can just give them stuff and they're
not messing with what you're doing you can still be doing other stuff uh and that separation is nice
because you know they are kind of dumb and you want to be able to do this other stuff while they're
doing their thing yeah but like oh you know like i'll just be like hey can you just write a doc
on how the installer works yes like that's just incredible i love it for that i love that yeah like
we use we use a lot of monorepos and just having like a web project with like mdx files for the docs
in the same monorepo and being like hey document this package is whatever feature
in the web project and it just writes the mdx file it's amazing i love it for that kind of stuff
yeah i guess it is like a continuum that like we back talking about this workflow and it's the
cloud code kind of workflow that you guys pioneered where the human is very in the loop but they're
like so many bets being made too on the completely asynchronous the jewels the whatever i don't
remember the names of them Devin yeah they're kind of like give it a problem and then it comes back
with the pr i guess anthropics not really doing that today right is that do you view like some point
in time where the models just get so good that we don't need to be in the loop that's one of my
fears is like it's not just like i'm gonna lose my job thing just like i really enjoy this whole
uh cloud codey kind of workflow and i hope that it's here to stay but i wonder does anthropic do you
have a different perspective being inside anthropic like is this temporary it feels transitional i
mean just the fact that just that i feel like every week i come to i work and it feels a little
different you know so obviously things are changing really fast i would say you know like one measure
that we talk about it anthropic is how long does the agent work autonomously and i think everyone's
goal is to increase that number so that is where we're headed it conflicts with something i've learned
though as like having been a software developer for a pretty long time which is that like the
hard part is always figuring out what you're trying to do and why yeah you know like it's always been
pretty easy to like poop out of pr this question is like you know is this actually a feature that
is gonna help and you know it's amazing in retrospect when you look back at like a year of what a team
did how how little of it has actually helped at all you know so i like i don't there's part of me
that really is that dubious that like a three sentence prompt will be enough to make anything
better i'm i'm i'm really curious to see how that plays out honestly that's how i feel when i see
these people and if you've seen the twitter post where somebody's got like 16 cloud code instances
running and parallel and like like how do you have that much stuff that needs done that you actually
can keep it going i just like to me they're just spitting out garbage and it's like look how fast
it can run i don't know that whole thing just kind of oh my god that whole world is i i you guys
ran about that a lot but you know i find it kind of amusing because it's pretty clear like well
obviously you're not doing anything you said posting on twitter like yeah the main one i can
think of he's like ignore my mom in the background and that's just so perfect perfect
perfect explanation yeah i don't know if you saw my post there today but i was like 95 percent
energy goes to figuring out what the hell we should be doing and then 5 percent goes to coding
and now with ai it's like 96 percent and then 4 percent so yeah it's definitely it's definitely
better but like the agony of work is always uh what should we be doing why should we be doing it
should we be doing this thing or the other thing and it's cool that i can spend more time on that
stuff uh and i think the part that's a little bit unclear for me is a lot of the process of figuring
that out is trying stuff and is doing stuff and i i wouldn't say that the lms take away from that
because i can think of discrete examples where it's exactly the opposite i had a situation the
other day where i had two totally different ideas for um halicos are in like ux flow could work
and the past i would sit and think really hard about which one makes more sense and i'll commit
to that and we'll build that but then now i just had both built and then i tried both and one was
obviously worse than the other uh once it was implemented and in the past i would have never
been able to do that so that that process of exploring still exists but i will say some of that
is literally doing the coding as well when you're trying to figure out like architecturally how
just something be structured what patterns are good what patterns are annoying um yeah i have a
hard time imagining how i could be effective solely from like opening github issues and watching them
get get completed yeah i totally agree i have this theory actually that like if we use these things
right we can make the code a lot better you know everyone talks about how like AI makes code worse
but one big difference i've noticed is like i'm much less attached to any given approach because i
didn't do that much work to to get it going you know so i i totally agree and also if you try to
approaches you know you just sort of look at the PR and you just look at like how many files were
changed or you know i mean like like macro things and you can kind of tell one of these is going
to go in more easily than the other one will and then often what i'll do is i'll like try a few
different ways and then i'll be like oh this is a way to do it and then i'll go back i'll reset
everything and i'll have quad be like hey write an md file about how we're going to do this one and
then they won't kind of do it step by step together yeah the step by step together is also
interesting i've also found that uh i haven't used this for programming as much but for generating
other things i've had it instead of giving it a prompt and being like generate the thing i need
i will give it the prompt and i'll say ask me question step by step to figure out what to generate
and it does such a good job of going back and forth with me and then
pulling out the information it needs uh yeah so some of those workflows are super interesting and
then the thing you're saying about improving code this from not totally related but uh
adam did you see that issue that somebody opened today about how the they were like the
the issue title was improve code did you see that one yeah and they pasted like an elm gave them a
review of our code they just pasted as an issue there was a there's a fire in our code base that's
really bad but it's bad because it's the most complex part where i've or understand the least
so i'm like letting it become a mess as i understand what we need to do before we refactor it
someone clearly prompted the elm with something like provide an argument as to why this code is
horrible because it uses that phrasing a lot it's like it would be justified to say this code is
horrible because and then it like breaks it down and then it like as person has opened this issue
with this like several paragraphs of why this code sucks and it was just like you should improve it
i'm like are you even a user of this app like when you went and did this like why
uh so i wasn't annoyed then i replied being like i've replied calmly explaining why it's in that
state and then i threw in uh once you get more experience like this will make more sense to you
i close the issue like but yeah we get in the bad we get the good in the bad with elo limbs
and open source and open source yeah great combination i'm seeing a lot more of the ai
content stuff or just like search results and like twitter interactions just all kinds of random
places that i i so clearly this is not a real person that's getting more and more annoying i hope
that we figure out a way to solve that i don't know that's not your problem adam i don't know
you know i worked at facebook so like i am incredibly paranoid and suspicious of
basically everyone i just assume everyone else is in lm
that's a good starting point i love it one of the most frequent comments we get in any video we
do is everyone asks if adam is a i generate they say i'm a skinwalker i've literally i never heard
of this stuff until uh i got on the internet yeah yeah it's funny i can't i have this all
the time where i'm like you know a year ago if you told me how much time i'd be spending thinking
about whether a reply was ai gender not i wouldn't believe you but it's crazy how much of it exists
and it's in a format that isn't immediately detectable sometimes or like there's something
in it that triggers something else in your brain so you don't think to think that's an lm like
it'll compliment you or it'll ask you a question and immediately your brain is like in the mode to
want to engage uh and there's people that have been repeat gonna quote unquote people that i've
been consistently replying to my post for a while now where i only put together that was an lm
because they were replying so consistently they were applying every single post and very quickly
after i posted it but other than that i maybe would have thought that they were real so yeah it's
crazy how much of my energy is going into figuring that out well yeah i mean again starting with
facebook i sort of noticed how the technological limitations and implementations really influence
the culture you know like like obvious examples like eight bit right like that that's a whole style
even when you have plenty more than eight bit you know you're rendering 4k HD but it looks like
eight bit right um and i feel like ai now has really suffused the culture like that kind of
hallucinating dreamy you know there is like that little like retro futuristic time we had that
you know when mid journey was really good at that yeah it's interesting i guess i'm what i've
said is like the people start to imitate the ai i think too like another aspect of that yeah
yeah i i had this crazy experience once where i somehow ended up on some weird twitter space
and i was pretty sure it was a person acting like an llm where they would respond with weird delays
but the responses were like very good and the person was claiming that they were like an
unreleased model or something but ultimately wasn't actor at the end of the day i'm like this is so
circular crazy i can't believe this type of stuff is happening um then you go try to explain that to
like your normal friend that's like what are you talking like that person pretending to be an AI
what are you yeah well so that's another thing so as much as every zone conversation we have
everything we see everything we read is all about like coding and coding with llms and obviously
people that are programmers by trade are like more plugged into this stuff than the average person
despite that there's still so many people that have not tried using llms for programming at all
still it's still like such a small percentage of people that have tried it or incorporated into
their workflow um do you guys feel the same way i mean you're like more in the heart of
you know everyone around you thinking about it but uh you get glimpses of how big the world
actually is oh yeah well you know set aside like all the regular people who aren't programmers who
haven't touched the stuff although i feel like that's actually flipping like to my best friends are
like a doctor and lawyer and they a year ago they were like these things are not useful and now
they're like they send me their like deep research on you know or backpacking weekend
but uh but for programmers yeah i mean you know we with quadkill we end up talking to a lot of
enterprises and like there there are you know there are people who are like well our staff is
really skeptical of ai and i honestly i just have to suppress my feeling of like are you kidding me
like why could you be skeptical like you gotta try this thing or you know i mean it's got problems
but like how could you not be curious about this it's always amazing i mean the divide between like
our little circles on the hyper internet twitter crowd and like normal devs because i work with
a lot of normal devs like my normal job and that it's just not on the radar like or it's just like
not good enough or they don't they have some perception of it but it's not good enough and
yeah it's there's a disconnect the thing that's always weird for me and i've observed this with
every tech and also building stuff for developers uh i oh we often get this question of oh like why
should i try it or like it to me it feels like people want a mountain of explanation and research
and argument before they even try it and in my head i'm just like you can just try it you know
like why do you have to be skeptical of lms you can try it and you're probably land somewhere
in between like most people do uh but that that always confuse me maybe they're really busy with
other stuff and they want to like disrupt any of their workflows but i can never make an argument
for any new tech because you know you should just try it and see how it applies applies to you
yeah i you know having worked again like with a lot of different engineers over time i just
try to only work with people who write code because they love to and those people love these tools
you know because like again it's just like it's fascinating like i've programmed computers for
20 years but now i can talk to them are you kidding me like that that's insane you've got to use that
i think there are plenty of people who just they go to their work they get their tickets done they
go home they just don't even think about it you know but it's funny even for for those people like
it's even better you know but i i i get what you're getting at there's like there's a level of
reflecting on like the meta that not everyone has the habit of doing which i guess is alien to me
but i've seen it enough where people do need to be given like again i just always imagine like a
large book report like i feel they're asking for like a big book report explaining all the reasons
and all the pros and cons before they'll even dip a toe uh again just weird for me because i
like just seems to cost nothing okay do you think these devs that don't that aren't really interested
in the meta that aren't on twitter and that aren't all these things the ones that just like check
into their job do their work and then go home do you think they're happier not in like the
i know that's a dumb question do you think like they're more present with their families do you
think they're more uh like i i have this issue uh where i'm very like uh entrepreneurial whatever
ambitious in life and like i go very hard at programming and everything i do and i'm very
online and all these things and i worry that it's maybe like i don't know taking me away from the
people i love i'm not as present as i could be i'm sorry adam
i think this is a question i love that question that's great
my first answer is like no way how can they be happier because i my guess would be they
approached their family and their hobby and everything else the same way they approached their job
which is like they grew it like i i think yeah to to to be engaged you know is like it's also
pain right like it it's it's quite painful to sort of realize like man i spent a whole day arguing
with the lm i should not have done that i spent the whole day like you know kind of being mad at my
little kid even though they couldn't help it um those are like the same thing i think
wow okay you didn't know you were coming to give me therapy but that was amazing
actually do you actually helped me in my real life so thank you i'm going to take this one home
okay yeah the other point i'll make is i think it's easy to forget the bad parts about a life
lived that way so i think the upside is you can check out there's a good ability to check out
but the problem is you can't check at 100% of time there's times of your life that you have to be
checked in you know for eight hours a day whatever it is and most people when you talk to them about
their job every minute is just misery it's just my boss is being annoying i have to do this thing i
don't think it's useful but i have to do it anyway you know it's like they they feel like they're
working on stuff that has no point so it's like enduring misery for eight hours so you can escape
for the others uh and i think most people unfortunately are in situations like that and i think the
thing i easily take for granted is every minute of my day now i feel like i'm working on i'm like
spending it the best i could possibly be spending it and parts of it are hard and painful of course
but there's no chance i would ever get burned out because i'm not doing stuff i don't believe in
but you know there was a lot like there was a point in my life where that wasn't the case and
i remember what that was like and i remember like always being annoyed and so many cycles in my
brain just thinking about how stupid my like company was for a certain reason or like my team
was for a certain reason um and that all faded and i haven't been in that situation for years now
and that like shows up in other parts of your life right it doesn't stay at work yeah what Adam
helped me realize is man this conversation it's going all over the place uh just helped me realize
that like i've always had the work part checked where i'm happy with my work and i'm excited about
my work i can't hardly sleep because i'm excited to wake up and work i've always said that part it's
the interpersonal connectedness relationships that i've not been so good at like i'm a present dad
but i'm not so emotionally available anyway uh you've made me realize that i can go hard at that
too i just haven't learned how to do it yet like i go hard at everything in life and i just don't
know how to do that part yet so i'm gonna figure that part out too and like if i were somebody who
just checked in maybe i'm a just kind of a slothful person and i wouldn't do those things to better
myself on that area so anyway i'm better yeah thank you you fixed me wow that's so real for me i you
know i'm i'm my kids are older but uh i struggled with that when my kids were younger for sure stuff
i've gotten better though as you say you can't apply yourself and even figuring out how to apply
yourself to that is one of the greatest challenges yeah i'm about to have my first kid so i'm gonna
i'm thinking about some best stuff i'm excited for you dax i'm expecting it to humble you a little
bit yes you know everyone literally there's like hundreds of people hoping for that and i i've already
for that deck yeah i've already told everyone no matter what happens i'm just gonna be more annoying
so yes you guys need to yeah give up hope uh i gotta say this is just like for anyone who notices
i'm noticing i've talked to dax a hundred fifty times on this podcast dax's voice is even different
and he's like lounging because his neck is hurt you may not have wanted to say like you're this
crippled person right now but he i can tell you're like your voice is different yeah my voice is
quivering it's weird so this morning after my run i literally bent down to pick something up
and i turned my neck at the same time and something just like popped in the back and it's been really
painful and like it's affecting the way i speak it's yeah pretty crazy and you're like you're laying
back like this i'm trying to find positions that are they're not painful uh yeah so i've just
been rooting for that at all well i was thinking i'm like i'm glad i don't have a kid yet because
like i feel like hold the baby and do all that stuff right now it'd be pretty hard oh jeez yeah
so cloud codes like kind of taking off i don't know we haven't really talked about like the rise
of cloud code i feel like yeah i i don't know what chart it was i saw but like it's definitely
exploding especially on twitter like i feel like a lot of people is it just just come down to like
i don't want to use vs code is that it is it just like people that don't want to use
an editor baked into their ai thing i'm you know i'm not sure i think um like the the
growth has been absolutely insane like it's like 300% usage increase in the last four weeks
uh wow kind of stuff that you just don't really see uh 90% of the code like within anthropic it's
even really taking off like um you know our team like almost all of the code is written with the
help of the lm like a couple things first of all the new models the four models are much better
you know and it's funny because like you use them at first and you're like this doesn't this
isn't that much better it's not like it's so much smarter but just being a little more steerable
and a little more you know i had this amazing experience with opus where i kind of gave it an
ambiguous prompt and it came back and it was like wait a sec do you mean a or b hmm and i was like
oh i've never seen that from the model before that's like a new behavior um so i i think the new
model is really unlocked something new and in some ways i think quad code is just the easiest way
to get at those things you know you can you like bring your own subscription and you especially if
you sign up for the max plan it sort of feels like all one thing whereas with these other things you
have to like plug your keys in and it's just like one extra step yeah i you know i i can't quite
explain the why why quad code has been so popular especially there are other good options out there
for sure um but i think like a lot of it is the model the new model yeah do you just default to opus
this is a question i have for an anthropic engineer do you default to opus ever use sonnet like is
there a reason no actually i'll tell you i joined anthropic in part so i can have unfettered access
to the top model i was like i do not out pay anything but i'm not getting rate limited
yeah so now i can play an inference tier it's awesome it's awesome but there's not like i haven't
quite figured out with programming dax uses sonnet i mostly use opus and i don't know if there's
material difference like i don't know if either one of us has got a sense for if we should use one
or the other i'm very happy like i'm a very happy user with just sonnet uh i think i will switch to
opus occasionally but yeah i think i'm sure opus is better but i'm surprised at how satisfied i am
just using sonnet you know sonnet is just as good as at opus for coding tasks i would say and also
you know when we do we actually have a horrible problem trying to tell internally if a model if one
model is better than another like that's actually much harder than it sounds the users will generally
pick the shorter answer that was delivered faster right um and especially because we can't really do
like long trajectories with one model versus the other it's like kind of one tool prompt usually
and it's really hard to tell often what the difference you know they're very similar responses
um so i just stick to opus i you know one flavor of twitter maxing that i really hate is like
i use this model for planning that model to write job on this model where it's like dude you just
get a life dude yeah so i can just keep a pin on opus that's fine with me but you know sonnet's
really good too they're both better than sonnet three seven nine you know yeah sure that guy was a
jerk it was just like wait for tests and write stupid comments yeah so let's talk a bit about
the form factor of cloud code which is all in the terminal yeah like what like what are your
thoughts on that is this you see this as like just like a like nice angle you guys found or is this
like a form factor you kind of are betting on i think it's fundamental and actually i think the
fact that like it's it's in the terminal interactively is almost like a stepping stone to it being
a much more composable linux utility you know like the thing i've always wanted is um
cube cuddle list pipe quad what's what's wrong here or cube cuddle describe or whatever um and
actually it's surprising how we we've all what leaned hard into coding but like it's been harder to
crack like some of these sRE things there's some great new products coming but it hasn't quite
happened yet ultimately i think the fact that you end up typing into the terminal and viewing
diffs in the terminal is it's kind of neither here nor there you know it's it's fine but the real
the real power is that if this can run anywhere you've a prompt and for me you know the fact that i
can run this inside a docker container or i can easily like i run it on a pi zero you know that i
connect to using mosh um that's where the like i think that that's what i'm really excited about
with these uh going back to the terminal that that's how we saw it too we're like this is just so
flexible there's no excuse someone would have to not use this no matter what their workflow
what their environment uh on your computer on a server in a github ci thing i think that's that's
the brilliant part about packaging it in this way the other funny thing i've seen is there's
especially with cloud club blowing up as it has there's been a few like big posts where people
were like i don't get it like why do people like doing stuff in their terminal like it's uh like
how how would you ever prefer that over a ui and i think if cloud code wasn't growing as much as it
was i would like look at those posts and be like that's a good point because maybe this isn't as
mass market as it is but in the face of people saying that and it growing so much there's like
a more interesting thing that happens which is clearly something counterintuitive is happening
that people aren't getting but it's still clicking with a bunch of people so i i love seeing that
it's like a good sign that uh something is really working when people are confused as to why it is
working i you know a part of me thinks too like when i open vs code you know almost always by accident
like i just i just sort of feel like i feel like this thing has gone over some kind of critical
threshold like i like the fact that we find ourselves in this place where there are no viable
ids i wonder if that fuels this a little bit too like it just everything inside vs code to me
it just it turns me into this like consumer you know which is like the opposite of how i want to
feel when i'm programming my computer right yeah it's in one of these posts i won't took a screenshot
of i think it was cursed so they're like like a terminal could never recreate all this and i was
looking at the screenshot i'm like that looks crazy and overwhelming and there's so much stuff going
on um well one of the terminal could recreate it but like i don't think i want to yeah absolutely
so i mean going going more on this format on this form factor uh so you you probably obviously
seeing this stuff we're doing the open code we're taking it in like a more extreme direction of like
how far can we push all the tricks you can do in the terminal given like the years we've spent
doing tricks in the terminal with uh what's the terminal too many years why did you do that thing
we figure out the theme i was so impressed i haven't yet looked at how you did that uh how how like
matches your system theme yeah oh so like a system theme is just your terminal just remapping the
standard set of colors to other colors yeah and so as long as we render using the standard colors
it'll it'll show up right oh the ends easier to 15 basically most i guess now to up to 255 you can
customize in most terminals so if you just use those colors yeah it tends to work okay yeah yeah
so that this has been fun for us because uh you know we're trying to like see how much we can do
we already know what the the ceiling is it's like me of him exists and he can do quite a lot
a lot this is just like kind of inching towards that direction um i get the sense with cloud code
that's not like your interest at all but yeah that kind of looked at your thoughts on that yeah sure
there are a couple things that i think are really interesting about the terminal form factor that
i do lean into and then what you guys do is amazing but it's like not really what we're after um so i
think the first thing that's interesting about the terminal is the concurrency model because on the
web you can have these like sort of threads of processes that run completely unsynchronized you
know what i mean like a model over or or like a window over here has an has an async process
and then the another like divided window has its own async process and those things never have to
come together you know and and they often don't and it's confusing as hell you know because like
they're event based and you know they they actually um they they actually don't really make sense that
they're running completely uh not concurrently so one thing that's really nice about the terminal
is like you do all this concurrent stuff but then you ultimately have to come back to one prompt
so you get this like really thick braiding of like concurrent tool calls and you know all this stuff
where you're trying to pack it all in and then it all has to stop when you take input from the user
so i think you can build you actually end up building a lot more sophisticated concurrency
that way because you have these like stop points that are easy to reason about um and then there's
a related thing that we've noticed which is like just simplifying the UI enough so that we can
show it and a few lines of the terminal has forced us to do so many other good things you know like
like design uh constraints breed good design and the terminal is such a constraint that way it
that actually really makes me happy um yeah i lose sleep over vertical space in a terminal like
there's just so it feels like there's never enough vertical space that's so constrained yeah that's
right and also with ink if you try to re-render too much of it you get all this flickering and
stuff it's it's you have like like five lines effectively you can update yeah take a footer that's
that's live and everything else is static uh yeah i mean i i also enjoy the constraints i think
there's such basic things like you can have different font sizes so if you want to show emphasis or
highlight things you can only do that through colors or bolding and at first it feels like
that this is too limited but then you realize you can actually do everything you want to do
you're forced to do it in a better way and now that makes me feel like man i think web apps should
all just be one font size so honestly now yes oh so when we did the terminal website david our
amazing designer at terminal just said like let's make like the terminal all the fonts the same size
so the entire terminal website all the pages on the terminal website it's all one font size and
it just feels so good to build as a developer where you don't have to think about like what size is
this one like i know it's a muted color but like how much smaller and like you don't think about it
at all you just literally use the same it's it's the best i wish every website could be designed
like that it looks great too like it's actually like the perfect aesthetic for right now so yeah
so we do go a little bit crazier but uh even despite that there's still so many constraints
the way to think about i mean we just had a situation uh this week where uh i don't work
down a feature and it wasn't it didn't feel exactly right and you have this moment of feeling like
there's no way we can make this work you know like it's we're just screwed but then inevitably
something does emerge and you're like okay there is a better way to go about this and something
clicks oh we were missing this this thing is important and we can restructure it in this way
it always shows up there's so fewer patterns to draw from so it's like discovering all the time
like there's so many web patterns that you just there's an answer to every problem and like you do
that thing and it's just boring with the terminal it feels so much more uncharted i know people have
done some crazy stuff in terminals but you run into a situation where there's this you actually
need to provide and there's no cookie cutter answer you have to like make it up it's just so fun i
i think also uh balancing because we are still trying to make this these tools something that a
lot of people can use obviously a neo-vam user like is all excited about all the different hot
keys and they're gonna like bind a hockey for every little action but it's very easy to make
features hidden by accident because they're under these complex things that most people aren't going
to discover uh so yeah balancing both that being like we care about power users but we also care
about easy adoption uh it's definitely like a very challenging like product tasks to take on but uh
yeah it's really fun it's like the right level of challenge for us yeah yeah i think it's fun
too i mean the one thing i would say like i we found a way to deal with everything except
discoverability that is the thing that just kills us you know what i mean like i see all these
products where it's like oh i made neo i made quad code do this and it's like no we we already
have that feature you guys you know yeah sorry i built something to hit the enter key and all this
it's like actually we have a dash p flag it does exactly yeah it's it's funny because someone asked
us the other day for a tutorial and we're like hey what do you mean you want a tutorial like what
like what does that mean but then i thought about it more i'm like yeah you know we have a lot of
features and i can see how if you don't read through all the help menus and the docs like you're not
gonna you're not gonna see that um which i guess like the neo-them world that's how it all works right
there's all these people that make great content explaining things that aren't obvious uh but yeah
as like someone working on a product you hate when stuff is hidden is it any different than when
you worked on react like did people build worse versions of built-in hooks and stuff that like
you guys have these features already but people build their big machine on top not even knowing
because they don't read the docs just a lot of people just don't read the docs it's the same
devs that just clock in and they don't love their families those ones
yeah yeah that's funny uh no you know no reactors like completely different like actually the whole
the whole game with react was getting people to build stuff on top of react um so and it was open
source you know and like we really wanted 90 different combo boxes because that's how you end
up with the best combo box yeah um it's the library versus app thing like clock code is in the app
yeah yeah uh i was just gonna say it is like i wanted to bring up open code because i've been
obsessed with this whole idea this whole concept of terminal based coding assistance uh it was very
awkward to bring it up i don't know i i'd be curious i don't like you've seen we're working on this
how do you feel about us working on this does it i don't know i don't want to masking guys i love
it i think it's awesome let's go we talked about like when we were shipping clock code for the first
time we talked about making an open source and you know i love open source i did it for a long time
but i really felt like it was not the right thing for yeah for clock code because i feel like the
first and top voted PR or issue for the open source version of clock code would be like give us access
to other models yeah we're never gonna do that so um so the fact like having an open version of this
with an open router you know kind of model selector makes perfect sense to me and it's just so obvious
like this is huge like what yeah what we're all doing is so big that we all need to work on it
there's like plenty of value to capture and there's plenty of like totally slightly different takes
that actually totally change the inflection of how you go after this even the fact that like
vibes wise we're like a lot more in line you know like you can jump in and out of clock code
you guys use alternate screen buffer and that actually like that is a completely different
feel even though they're both AI terminalless agents yeah yeah yeah i feel like there's not
i don't are there other people doing what we're doing with the alt screen thing because i feel like
there's like eight exact clog cloud code copies like even the big companies that are rolling out
there are awkwardly similar like they look so much like cloud code what is the point where i'm like
this like i feel it even has the same like same like behaviors where i'm like is it literally just
like ripped from cloud code i'm with you on that it's sort of like did you just like have like write
a prompt after you have clog write a prompt after using the internet like like why create a cloud code
same technology decision it's crazy it's the exact same libraries like everything it's like it wasn't
thought from scratch so i feel i mean that just that signals to me like they did it because they
felt like they had to have a product in this shape but it's not something they're like passionately
pursuing and i've always found the anthropic products in general to be very good i feel you guys
are like a very good product company where i think you guys ship a little slower than some
i mean clog cloud was before i went else but i've noticed this with like using cloud on web
it tends stuff tends to come out like a little more baked and i appreciate that i feel like uh
like i stopped using chat gpt because their interface just became a crazy mess of like
toggles and selectors and i don't even know what's going on anymore um so i've always liked like i
can i can tell there's like a good product sense at the company uh yeah but some of these other
these other tools like i don't it just feels like someone was forced to to do it you know that's
like the immediate vibe i get from them well thanks thanks for that boy i gotta say it's pretty hard
to know how to drive a product org attached to an ai research lab because it always feels like man
we're not doing enough you know to like to like elicit the frontier capabilities with new products
you know like like they're just they're things right at the frontier that is like how do you unlock
that for product you know and like like memory is a good example that's an area where i feel like
open ai is maybe ahead of anthropic a little bit well in in their product um what i turn that
feature off very quickly but uh but yeah like um it's just a huge challenge you know and it all
moves so quickly that like some of the things you think even just like the the sort of product
development cycles that we're used to have to change because the the underlying technology moves
so fast yeah the the thing you were saying earlier about um cloud code not being open source i think
a lot of people try like formically they they kind of say some kind of criticism around that
i think people though like our stuff is open source but we don't really run it like a pure
open source thing we have a very strong opinionated way of how we want to build this product and
there's a lot of features that are going to be popular like popular and requested that we're
just not going to implement uh and the only reason we're open source is because we have this like
long tail of supporting all these different providers and plugins and stuff like that like
we do need the community support for that i think people underestimate it's very difficult to
if when it's like once like a product like an app like this running it like a pure open source
project it's like a lot to commit to and still expect the results to be good like i think people
really underestimate that so i i think cloud code not being open source or not run like an open
source thing is that makes total sense to me yeah i you know we could talk about this a lot i'm sure
but like working on react for as long as i did you know i think i think there's a lot of open source
projects where it's like yeah you can look at the source but like committing to react at this point
like it's very hard to do like even if you wanted to it's like extremely abstract and you know you
you basically need to know someone on the team to get your PR through um yeah i you know uh i
think i i think there's something to be said for like hey you can look at our source you know that
that's like certain kind of open source that i i would say you guys are mostly interested in um
you're right though that the great thing about open source is like oh someone wants to run it on
arch on a you know like arm processor or whatever we just got the next PR someone kind of looking
at the next package yeah yeah those next people yeah they they have lots of complaints about how
it could be yeah but i mean yeah to your guys credit you look at open AI who they i mean they
open source i guess jim and i's open source too but they open source the the codex thing codex CLI
like immediate PR to rewrite it and rest had they even emerged from that like they're still in the
weeds rewriting it and rest i think i don't think it even i don't know if anyone uses it yeah i
looked at their user numbers too they're like they're below hours and we launched like three
weeks ago so it's uh yeah i don't think it's at least sticking with anyone exciting times and i do
i love this space it's just like i we're all programmers like as a programmer there's there's
something so invigorating about working on something that feels like you're helping shape the future
of your field that you've worked for 15 20 years in like it's just such a i don't know it's not like
like i'm solving climate change but it's like it's a tier below that in terms of purpose you know
i mean like there's like things that would be purpose that like the whole world benefits from
there's like selfishly my career could change completely over the next five years and i want to
be part of that i don't want to just sit back and watch what happened to me so it's very invigorating
i don't know if you guys feel that way i feel the same way adam and you know one thing i think
about is like we talk about distillation from one model to another but there's this other thing
happening which is like the distillation of all of this human knowledge and wisdom into
the models and the tools that use them and you know like for me transferring my what i know and
believe about software engineering and also transferring just some of the love i feel
i feel like you know with your product with with claw code with any good product what makes it good
is like it tastes good you know it's like a cook additionally you cook i know you guys both cook
like you can just taste the love in it you know yeah something that was just made by the guys
clocking in nine to five is just not not that good and and those products are the ones that win
absolutely yeah i feel like the timing is also so great part my personal timing i feel like i
finally know enough about my field how the world works how things work and then like something
exciting is happening where i've been alive for things like that before but i was just like too
stupid to to really work on the right thing so now i'm really excited because i feel like okay
everything is finally lining up you know i can actually you know take part in this in the way that
uh you know i've seen other people be able to take part in in previous shifts in the past so yeah
really fun times i feel like this is kind i feel like this is my second go round you know like uh
i really thought bringing functional programming to ui was gonna work and it really did and now i get
to do this ai thing all over again it's i feel very blessed oh wow yeah you the reacting like you've
basically been part of the last shift it's like there's the broad tech shifts like the internet and
mobile but like within programming you would say ai changing everything right now the last thing
that really changed everything was probably react so you've kind of like rode both those
trains right i mean like it feels that way i mean you know that's a very good way for it was ai's way
bigger yeah like this thing is a tidal wave and we just are just starting to feel the water go out
yeah it's i mean it's it's uh i mean just having done this type of stuff for years you can immediately
feel that because when we put stuff out in this part of the world the response is insane
like we've had success before but this is like so different it's like hitting so many nooks and
crannies that uh we never were able to touch before and it just is reminding me how massive
the world is and when you build something that potentially every single person could use it just
feels totally totally different um and very fun we're all very overstimulated right now i think uh
it's it's having this funny effect where i personally have been working less on the weekends
because i'm like so overstimulated during the week that i need to actually intentionally like
like i need to not do anything on saturday uh but yeah it's it's fun and exciting we're all just
really amped up yeah it's awesome it comes through of your product it really does appreciate that
again thank you again for for joining glad you uh glad you reached out and uh this was fun it was
cool to hear the other perspective that you know we've only been experienced to the product so far
but it's great talking to you guys i really enjoyed it uh we'll have to get together sometime yeah thanks
for coming on yeah well i will definitely have you on again yeah this is this is cool